h1. Spring Data Neo4j 2.1.0 test project

h2. What is it about?

p. This is a test project only. Some unit tests trying to reproduce a possible bug in
*spring-data-neo4j-cross-store-2.1.0.RELEASE*.

h2. Scenario

p. There are 2 kinds of entities. A graph only and a partial entity. The graph-only one is related to the partial one:
@_(graph)-[:PARTIAL_RELATED_TO_GRAPH]->(partial)@
p. In order to have the same entity managed by two persistence backend, the cross-store support provided by spring-data-neo4j
is used. But on version 2.1.0.RELEASE there seems o have a bug, when no @_@GraphProperty@ (non required) annotation
is present on any property (on both graph-only and partial entities) the daa is neither persisted nor loaded.

h2. How to run

*Steps:*

* 1. Run junit test @com.github.drochetti.springneo4j.test.CrossSoreTest.testCreateGraphEntity@ once to create some data (create data using cross store support on both databases).
* 2. Run junit test @com.github.drochetti.springneo4j.test.GraphOnlyTest.testLoadGraphEntity()@ and it will *succeed*. *With @GraphProperty* and *no cross store* feature enable, all data is loaded as expected.
* 3. Run junit test @com.github.drochetti.springneo4j.test.CrossSoreTest.testLoadGraphEntity()@ and it will *succeed*. *With @GraphProperty* and *cross store* feature enable, all data is loaded as expected.
* 4. Now comment the @_@GrapProperty@ on line @14@ of @com.github.drochetti.springneo4j.model.GraphEntity@
* 5. Run test #2 again. It will *succeed*. *Without @GraphProperty* and *no cross store* feature enable, all data is loaded as expected. 
* 6. Run test #3 again. It will *fail*. *Without @GraphProperty* and *cross store* feature enable,  not annotated fields are neither loaded nor persisted. 